Run Tasks in the Terraform Registry (#188)
hashicorp/terraform-docs-common: website/docs/registry/run-tasks.mdx

For example, the [HCP Packer validation run task](/hcp/docs/packer/manage-image-use/terraform-cloud-run-tasks) checks the image artifacts within a Terraform configuration. The run task fails if the configuration references images marked as unusable.

## Finding Run Tasks in the Terraform Registry

Browse a list of all run tasks in the [Terraform Registry](https://registry.terraform.io/browse/run-tasks) or use keywords to search for run tasks relevant to your use cases.

Click a run task to view its documentation on our partner’s site.

## Adding a Run Task to the Terraform Registry

Adding a run task to the Terraform registry makes your run task available for other consumers and HashiCorp partners.

To add your run task to the Terraform registry:

1. Complete the [Technology Program Application](https://www.hashicorp.com/go/tech-partner).

> 1. Sign our Technology Partner Agreement to become a HashiCorp technology partner once you receive it from HashiCorp.

Reviewer: True? @gautambaghel 

```suggestion
1. Sign our Technology Partner Agreement to become a HashiCorp technology partner. HashiCorp sends you the agreement after you complete Technology Program Application.
```

Reviewer 2: correct!
